it was better than that thing I did with
the trolls least you got to see my head
she said yes she said yes
awful play man yeah her name's Aurora
and she's Italian and she pronounces my
name Chandler Chandler I think I liked
it better that way
oh listen the usher gave me this to give
to you ranek you spell leonard talent
agency Wow an agency left me it's card
maybe they want to sign me based on this
play based on display
[Music]
hey kids so this line is passion and
then okay well I can't believe I've been
here almost seven seconds and you
haven't asked me how my date went all
right how was your date it was
unbelievable I'd never met anyone like
her she's had the most amazing life she
was in the Israeli army luckily none of
the bullets hit the engine block so we
made it to the border but just barely
and I i I've been talking about myself
all night long I'm sorry what about you
tell me one of your stores right once
mmm
once I got the subway right and it was
at night and I wrote it all the way to
Brooklyn
just for that yeah we talked to like -
it was a perfect evening more or less
all of a sudden we realized we're in
Yemen I'm sorry so weird
well we would be me and Rick who's Rick
who's Rick my husband oh so you're
divorced no oh I'm sorry too widowed
hopefully now I'm still married so uh
tell me how do you how do you think your
husband feel about you sitting here with
me sliding your foot so far up my pant
legs you can count the change in my
pocket don't worry I imagine it'd be
okay with you because really he's okay
with even Ethan there's there's a meetin
and Ethan is my boyfriend what
so explain something to me here what
kind of relationship do you imagine us
having if you already have a husband and
a boyfriend
I suppose mainly sexual oh I'm sorry it
didn't work out what not work out I'm
seeing her again on Thursday didn't you
listen to the story didn't you listen to
the story this is twisting how could you
get involved with the woman like this
well you know I had some trouble with it
at first too but the way I look at it is
I get all the good stuff all the fun of
a talking or the sex and none of the
responsibility this is every guy's
fantasy yes that is not true what is
this your fantasy no of course not yeah
so you guys don't mind going out with
someone else who's going out with
someone else
I couldn't do it for you Joey when I'm
with a woman I need to know that I'm
going out with more people than she is
well you know monogamy can be a tricky
concept
I mean anthropologically speaking fine
fine all right now you'll never know
they're getting done all right